README.md, before:

# Helpful intranet #
================

Contributors: lukeoatham  
Link: http://www.helpfultechnology.com  
Tags: intranet, gov.uk  
Requires at least: 3.4  
Tested up to: 3.5.1  
Stable tag: 2.0.6.4
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  


## Description ##

GOV.UK-style intranet WordPress theme  


## Content types ##

* Tasks
* Guides
* Projects
* Vacancies
* News
* Blog


## Installation ##

This theme requires the [Pods WordPress plugin](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/pods/) to manage custom post types.  
Tested up to: 2.3.5.1  
Refer to [showcase site](https://govintranet.helpfulclients.com/) for example installation.  
[Setup instructions](http://helpful.im/intranetsetup)

## Changelog ##

### 2.0.6.4 - September 8th, 2013 ###
* Bugfix to page titles caused by bbPress


### 2.0.6.3 - September 7th, 2013 ###
* More changes to improve integration with bbPress

### 2.0.6.2 - August 31st, 2013 ###
* Removed styles that hid bbPress admin


### 2.0.6.1 - August 1st, 2013 ###
* Fix to Most recent widget

### 2.0.6 - August 1st, 2013 ###
* Homepage and news page remove expiry time field entry when triggered  
* Formatting on vacancies corrected  
* Most recent widget shows guide chapters  

### 2.0.5 - June 3rd, 2013 ###
* Changed news expiry date format
* Added resourcing cycle flag to vacancies (resourcing_cycle Yes/No)
* Changed vacancies page to work with resourcing cycle
* Changed download icon styles for IE

### 2.0.4 - May 9th, 2013 ###
* Corrected category list on single tasks

### 2.0.3 - May 7th, 2013 ###
* Removed call to web fonts
* New screenshots

### 2.0.2 - May 4th, 2013 ###
* Added time zone to general intranet settings

### 2.0.1 - May 4th, 2013 ###
* Minor changes to remove references to mirror server

### 2.0 - April 30th, 2013 ###
* Initial release

Commit message:

Various enhancements and bug fixes
Signed-off-by: Luke Oatham <lukeoatham@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Helpful intranet #
================

Contributors: lukeoatham  
Link: http://www.helpfultechnology.com  
Tags: intranet, gov.uk  
Requires at least: 3.4  
Tested up to: 3.6  
Stable tag: 2.0.7
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  


## Description ##

GOV.UK-style intranet WordPress theme  


## Content types ##

* Tasks
* Guides
* Projects
* Vacancies
* News
* Blog


## Installation ##

This theme requires the [Pods WordPress plugin](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/pods/) to manage custom post types.  
Tested up to: 2.3.9
Refer to [showcase site](https://govintranet.helpfulclients.com/) for example installation.  
[Setup instructions](http://helpful.im/intranetsetup)

## Changelog ##

### 2.0.7 - September 14th, 2013 ###
* Various enhancements and bugfixes, including new left-hand nav, forum fixes, HT plugin fixes, new rating plugins 

### 2.0.6.4 - September 8th, 2013 ###
* Bugfix to page titles caused by bbPress  


### 2.0.6.3 - September 7th, 2013 ###
* More changes to improve integration with bbPress  

### 2.0.6.2 - August 31st, 2013 ###
* Removed styles that hid bbPress admin  


### 2.0.6.1 - August 1st, 2013 ###
* Fix to Most recent widget

### 2.0.6 - August 1st, 2013 ###
* Homepage and news page remove expiry time field entry when triggered  
* Formatting on vacancies corrected  
* Most recent widget shows guide chapters  

### 2.0.5 - June 3rd, 2013 ###
* Changed news expiry date format
* Added resourcing cycle flag to vacancies (resourcing_cycle Yes/No)
* Changed vacancies page to work with resourcing cycle
* Changed download icon styles for IE

### 2.0.4 - May 9th, 2013 ###
* Corrected category list on single tasks

### 2.0.3 - May 7th, 2013 ###
* Removed call to web fonts
* New screenshots

### 2.0.2 - May 4th, 2013 ###
* Added time zone to general intranet settings

### 2.0.1 - May 4th, 2013 ###
* Minor changes to remove references to mirror server

### 2.0 - April 30th, 2013 ###
* Initial release
